The Joe Rogan experience, this,
this particular coronavirus issue that we're dealing with right now seems to be
a, a great illuminator of that very fact,
is that there's so much data and there's there's so there's so much that's open
to interpret. There's so many thing, cuz it's all happening in real time. Right?
And like, particularly right now in California, we're in stage two,
tomorrow or Friday, two days from now stage two retail store is opening up.
Things are changing.
Like when no one knows the correct process that needs to take place
to save the most amount of lives, but yet ensure that our, our,
our culture and that our, our economy survives.
It's a lot of speculation and guessing. But if you go to certain places,
they'll tell you, we know why, and we know this and we know, uh,
it's hard.
Yeah. I mean, in general, I think that's like we,
we should be concerned about, uh, anything.
That's a massive infringement on our civil, civil liberties. Yes. You know,
so it's like, you gotta put a lot of weight on that. Um, people,
lot of people died to, you know,
when independence with the country and fight for the democracy that we have.
And uh, you know, we should treasure that and not,
not give up our liberties too easily. I think we've, we,
I think we probably did that actually.
So, well,
I like what you said when you said that it should be a choice and that
to require people to stay home,
require people to not go to work require and to,
to arrest people for trying to make a living. This all seems wrong. And I,
I think that it's a wrong approach. It's a, it's a, you're, you're,
it's an infantilization of the society that is gonna
tell you what to do. Fundamentally.
A violation of the constitution. Yeah. Freedom of assembly. And you know,
it's just, I mean, I don't think these things stand up in court.
Really. They're arresting people for protesting. Yeah. Yeah.
Because they're protesting and violating social distancing and these mandates
that tell people that they have to stay home. Yeah.
These, these, these are, these would definitely not stand up. Uh, you know,
if the Supreme court here, I mean, it's obviously complete violation of rights.
Yeah.
Yeah. And again, this is not in any a, um,
disrespecting the people who have died from this disease. No,
it's certainly a real thing to think of.
Yeah. I mean, it, it, it, it, it just should be, if, if you're,
if you're at risk, you should not be compelled to leave your house. Right. Um,
or leave a place of safety, but you should also not be, uh,
if you're not at risk or if you are at risk and you wish to take a with your
life, you should have the right.
To do that. And it seems like at this point in time,
particularly our resources would be best served,
protecting the people that are at risk versus penalizing.
The people that are not at high risk for living their life, the way they did,
particularly having a career and, and making a living and feeding your family,
paying your bills, keeping your store open, keeping your restaurant open. Yes.
I mean, there's, there's a strong, a strong downside to this. Yeah. Um, so
yeah, I just believe like, you know, if this, as a free country, you should be,
you know, allowed, allowed to do, you know, what you want,
as long as it does not endanger others.
But that's the thing, right? People, this is the argument. They will bring up.
Like you are endangering others. You should stay home for the people that,
that you, you, even if you're fine, even if you know, you're gonna be okay,
there's certain people that will not be okay because of your actions.
They might get exposed to this thing that we don't have a vaccine for.
We don't have, uh, universally accepted treatment for, and then we need to,
there's two arguments, right? One argument is we need to keep going,
protect the weak, protect the sick, but let's open up the economy.
The other argument is stop placing money over human lives. And,
uh,
let's shelter in place until we come up with some sort of a decision and let's
figure out some way to develop some sort of a universal income,
universal basic income plan or something like that to feed people during the,
during this time where we make this transition. I think there's a.
<Affirmative>. Yeah. Um, as I said, yeah, my,
my opinion is if, if, if somebody wants to stay home, they stay home.
If somebody doesn't wanna stay home, they should not be compelled to stay home.
That's my opinion. Do you think if, if, if somebody doesn't like that, well,
that's my opinion. Um, so the now, yeah. Um,
the, the, this notion though that, uh, you, you know,
you can just sort of send checks out everybody and, and things will be fine,
is not true. Obviously. Um, the there's, some people have this absurd,
like, uh, view that the economy is like some magic horn of plenty.
Like, it just makes stuff, stuff, you know, whatever,
just there's a magic water plantee and the goods and services,
they just come from this magic corner. Plantee and then if, um,
like if somebody has more stuff than somebody else's cuz they took more from
this magic plantee now let me, uh, just break it to you,
the fools out there, if you don't make stuff, there's no stuff.
Yeah. So if you don't make the food,
if you don't process the food, you don't transport the food and the, well,
the, the, whether, you know, medical treatment, getting,
getting your teeth fixed or there's, there's no stuff
I become detached from reality. You,
you can't just legislate money and, and solve these things.
If you don't make stuff, there is no stuff.
Obviously we'll run out of the stores,
we'll run out of the, you know, the, it, the whole,
the machine just grinds to a halt. But.
The, the initial thought on this virus, the,
the real fear was that this was gonna kill hundreds of thousands.
If not millions of people instantaneously in this country,
it was gonna do it very quickly. If we didn't hunker down,
if we didn't shelter in place, if we didn't quarantine ourselves or lock down,
do you think that the initial thought was a good idea based on the perception
that this was going to be far more deadly than it turned out to be?
Maybe I, I think briefly, briefly, briefly. Um,
but, uh, I think if you know, any,
any kind of like sensible examination of what happened in China would lead a
conclusion that that is obviously not gonna occur. Uh, this,
this virus originated in Wuhan.
There's like I don't a hundred thousand people a day leaving Wuhan. So it, it,
it, uh,
it went everywhere very fast throughout China throughout the rest of the
world. Um, and
the fatality rate was, was.
Low. Don't you think though, it's difficult to appreciate. It's difficult to,
to filter what the information that's coming outta China to,
to accurately really get a real true representation of what happened.
The, the propaganda machine is very strong. Sure. What, what they,
the world health organization appears to have been complicit with a lot of their
propaganda.
The thing is that American cup companies have massive, uh,
supply chains in China, like hun Tesla, for example,
we have hundreds of suppliers like tier 1, 2, 3, 4 suppliers throughout,
throughout China. So we know if they are able to make stuff or not.
We know if they, if they have issues or not, then they they're. China is back,
back at full steam. Um, and, and te many
pretty much every us company has some significant number of supplies in China.
So, you know, you know, if they're able to, you know,
provide things or not, or if, if there's, you know,
high mortality rate, Tesla has thousand people in China. So
zero people died zero.
Okay. So that, that's a real statistic that's coming from. Yeah. Yeah. You know,
those people. Yeah.
We literally, we run per.
Do you think there's a danger of this? Just like.
Like, uh.
Same folks are there. Yeah. You think there's a danger of politicizing this,
where it becomes like opening up the country's, uh,
Donald Trump's it's his goal, it's his, and then,
then anything he does is sort of, uh,
there's there's people that are gonna oppose it and come up with some reasons
why he's wrong, particularly in this climate.
Whereas as we're leading up to November and, you know, the, the,
the 2020 elections, do you think that this is a, a real danger in terms of, uh,
public's perception that Trump wants to open it up?
So they knee jerk oppose it because they oppose Trump.
I, I think there has been some <affirmative> politic, this has been politicized,
you know, um, both directions really. So it's, um,
which, which is, uh, not great. Um,
yeah, but like I said, separate apart from that,
I think there's the question of like, you know, where, where do civil,
civil liberties fit in this picture, you know? Yeah. And, uh, what, what,
what can the government make you do? What can they make you not do and what,
you know, what's what's okay. Right. Um, and, uh,
yeah, I think we went too far.
Do you think it's one of those things where once we've gone in a certain
direction, it's very difficult to make a correction, make a,
an adjustment to, to realize like, okay, we thought it was one thing it's not,
it's not good, but it's not what we thought it was going to be.
It's not what we feared. So let's,
let's back up and reconsider and let's do this publicly and say,
we were acting based on the information that we had initially,
that information appears to be faulty. And, uh,
here's how we move forward while protecting civil liberties while protecting
what essentially this country was founded on, which is, uh,
a very agreed upon amount of freedom. Yeah. That we respect and appreciate.
Absolutely. <laugh>